but when you're ready it's like we were
doing a cup of the other players can you
fit the same position and just slide
this and everything both shoulders in
the bridge slightly further forwards and
backwards I want you to show us which is
your ideal balance position chin on the
key long time to keep the typical times
will be about there which is just very
slightly further back from where you
were wasn't it nice yeah I think you
were there when you but show me the
ideal send up one more time so let's do
that sliding scale just one more time
comes ideal for you go down slowly that
secret feel the shift and balance
stability chin on the key of all times
staying there just move the left foot
very slightly further forward in
half-inch increments look at the turkey
and the left foot further forward again
eyes on the typical times in your
imaginary keyboard position that's it
the left for another inch her porch just
holding in that again just rip the
shoulders and original garden is
improved slightly so with that feed
configuration which is their idea of
balance point
so the rod legs always bad sign
now what difference did it make when we
are moving this foot forwards did it
okay so go a bit more full until it's
until you lose that stability so then I
lost it alright so go back all right
house quick they go further back now go
all the way back to both feet parallel
with each other how do you feel
gentlemen you eyes on the tip right show
us your ideal eyes opposite okay stand
up so remember that think position that
feeling right and go down into that
position that you've remembered that
your body's remember that feel okay
stand up again through this ribbon
adjustment the left of there so he going
until we get both feet planted first
we could do is what I found players is
but if they're learning something new
site brings on other back to the house
or again pretty hopeless but I learned
very slowly first so if you are learning
something you're introducing something
into your game or improving your clearly
control or want improve your feeling of
what's happening just slow things down
just very slightly it's enough to
increase your controlling your feeling
and your ability to Commander the
destruction on that bit more and that's
evidence five or boys on the TV
commercial have this really nice slow
backswing these days and the reason for
that is that they're not doing enough to
call you back quickly main control over
their cue there are sounds strange world
champions not good enough to control the
cubicle effective but they're not
because of why they would do a fool cube
ethically optimum speed
slow rest of us
go down to the shop a little bit more
carefully it's not about speed as web
care
yeah you ready
then I do
well done
same again with the carpet
do the same again but I want you to
queue up more than you normally would
know three or four times just to make
doubly sure that everything's correct it
another way feeling with what you're
doing is correct ask you a few more
times so it will come from doing that
then you know it's not wrong
excellent you're very rude and just
there's a very slight alteration yeah
you notice now I know that's good like
removing it just that's right though
that's ribbon that you notice yes and
doing things with how you be aware of
video secrecy like that so that's
another benefit to taking that my hair
as you walk down the shop to make sure
i'm still on the line bags I get down so
many clothes worked so hard to get their
liner by and get down to the shot so
quickly they've lost it again so when
they down onto sure they've got again to
find their line of a very very important
it's almost like walking on a tightrope
imagine you're walking on Tyra what
you're getting damaged
bring the requisite care needed
effectively so that's excellent any
other questions I think basically to
some of what we've done there the 1230
is working very well in helping you find
a stance shape and position of man's
work to be here take that we prepare the
tripod analogy and eventually you'll be
stepping same distance into every ball
into the same position i recalled and
then then removes a few okay split up
into a different partner and I think
we've got plenty of tables here and i'll
call you improvise for lunch